I played in the series A, which is the top league in Italy.
I was on the national youth team and I went all the way up to the men's national team.
Just the fact that you are good at your job is gratifying and then there is also the financial aspect.
My mom and dad were Jehovah's Witnesses and so was my older brother.
At a certain point, I felt conflicted, especially when I decided to draw closer to the truth.
There was no longer a family thing.
In time, something started to develop in me, a fire, a small fire.
Gradually, I came to the point of dedication to Jehovah, although I still played.
But maybe, not maybe, definitely, I wasn't giving Jehovah my best, my energy.
I was fitting my spiritual life around my work life and not the other way around.
I excuse myself saying, I'm just working, it's a profession.
Yes, it's time consuming.
But of short duration, because athletes retire earlier, the closer I drew to Jehovah, the stronger my inner conflicts became.
The circuit overseer who served the area I was associated with helped me.
I had known him since I was a child.
When we met again, the first thing he asked me was, are you happy with what you are doing?
Seems like a simple question, right?
But this question went deeper.
I'm very grateful to him and his wife all the time they devoted to me.
They were very busy, but even on their day off, or in the evenings, after long days of activity,
they spent time with me.
In time, I moved to different cities and changed to various teams.
So he entrusted me, so to speak, to two other families.
They poured themselves out for me, sacrificing their time.
Without ever making me feel bad for what I did.
With regards to decisions about basketball, they never told me what to do.
I had to reach that decision on my own, whether I should continue playing or not.
It was their way of life that corrected me, so to speak.
Their example, their lifestyle, their priorities they set.
And the joy they had in doing what they did, helped me.
It was more their example than their words.
It helped me understand what I really wanted from my life.
I started in 1995 and continued until April 2008, when I played my last match.
I, let's say, made a cut and quit playing basketball.
I'm glad I made it.
Sometimes I say to myself,
if only it had done it earlier, if only it had had to courage earlier.
I had the privilege of serving as a regular pioneer for two and a half years.
I was asked if I would like to apply for better service.
And to my surprise, I was invited to the Italy branch and served there for five years.
A few months after leaving Bethel, I had the privilege of attending the school for Kingdom Evangelises.
It was wonderful.
This board, basketball, it's great, it's thrilling, it's exciting, but it's not the source of true happiness.
It's true.
The world can give you a measure of satisfaction, but everything comes at a cost.
But it took me a long time to understand this.
Knowing that I'm giving Jehovah my best has made me happy.
Yes, there is a team, a large one, and we all play for Jehovah, and its goal is beautiful, it's exciting, and its success is sure.